hey what's up guys today i am going to
recap the story of the movie the mimic
2017.
hit the subscribe and make sure you
don't miss our next videos
at the start of the movie we are shown a
cave
a man was breaking it because he has
murdered a lady
now he wanted to hide her there at night
he buried her there and leaves from
there
but after it the voices of that lady
come from the cave
the people get scared and after that
whoever passes by that cave that person
disappears
this means that person didn't return
from there
now the scene changes toward a woman her
name is anna
and she was shifting to a town with her
family she comes here because her
five-years-old son has died
and she became sad after this incident
the place where they shifted there was a
deep forest in front of that house
there was an area and it was forbidden
to go there
that area was surrounded by a boundary
so that none can go inside it
now let me tell you that this place was
none other than that cave area
anna's mother-in-law also lives with
them in the town
there was anna's husband her daughter
and her mother-in-law in her family
her mother-in-law was suffering from
some kind of mental disorder
but anna takes care of her very much
anna's mother-in-law has the power that
she can listen to the voice of the dead
ones
due to it she often talks strangely
after it we see two kids a boy and a
girl
their cute puppy was lost to search
their puppy they were dividing posters
while searching for their puppy they
reach that cave
there was dark in that cave she turns on
her mobile torch and sees inside that
cave
she feels like someone is moving in the
corner with it
someone pulls the kid inside that cave
when anna hears the noise she calls the
police
and when the police go inside the cave
they find a dead body of a girl there
there was a photograph near the dead
body anna was also in the forest with
her husband
she finds a baby girl there who was
dirty and was also scared
the name of that baby girl was julia
anna takes her home with her
she gives her a bath but she sees that
there are many wound marks on her back
here julia was looking cute anna tries
to talk to her but she wasn't saying
anything
and then suddenly she calls anna her
mother hear that baby girl speaks for
the first time
the surprising thing was that her voice
was also resembling anna's
daughter anna's husband says to her that
we should tell the police about this
lost baby
anna says no i've lost my son already
what police had done then
i have found julia in place of my son
the days were passing and the boning or
attachment between anna and julia was
becoming strong
anna loves julia very much one day
anna's husband asks her that how many
days will we keep this baby girl in our
home
we have to send her anna says no i will
not let her go
and if you want her to go i will also
leave the house with her
she starts weeping her husband says to
her that see we have to accept this
that our son is not in this world and
none can replace him
control yourself i will support you anna
did not agree with it
she says that i will take my son back
for sure
one day anna's mother-in-law suffers
from a psychological attack while
sitting
she moves towards julia with a knife
then anna arrives there and saves julia
there was a mirror in the room of anna's
mother-in-law
they had totally covered that mirror
because anna's mother-in-law hears her
dead siblings voices from that mirror
then a horrible face is shown in that
mirror like it is of a demon or a soul
anna's mother-in-law starts talking to
herself
and she starts walking towards the
forest hurriedly
she reaches that cave area where it was
forbidden to go
it seems like someone is taking her
there while pulling her
the next morning when anna wakes up she
sees that her mother-in-law is not
anywhere
she tells her husband when he goes to
his mother's room and checks the mirror
there was some fluid coming out of that
mirror
anna's husband removes all tapes from
that mirror
there he sees the handprints of someone
in that mirror
he thinks that from when this baby girl
arrives at our home there is happening
wrong
he goes to julia and asks her that do
you know where is grandma
after it we see that anna's husband was
also missing
anna gets confused and calls the police
she says that i don't want to live here
this is a strange town she tells the
police that i also have found a girl
from that forest her name is julia
then the police check in their records
the missing report of this name
girl but they didn't find any missing
report with this name
on the other side anna was taking julia
to meet with the police
but julia was misplaced and she wasn't
anywhere
the police tell anna that for the past
few days many peoples are missing
this town is mysterious they also show
that photograph to anna
that they found near the dead body anna
recognizes that this girl is julia
when the police check their old reports
they come to know that many people have
seen this baby girl in the forest
when anna was searching for julia she
meets with a lady
that lady tells her about the cave that
a white tiger lived in this cave
the magicians who lived here worshiped
this white tiger
among those magicians when a magician
worships this tiger
the tiger wants to take his soul but the
magician had to save his life
so he starts performing a ritual on it
the magician throws his blood on a
mirror but the tiger didn't like that
blood
because he wants the blood of a pure
soul due to it the magician sacrificed
his daughter means julia
after it they were disappeared after
that day the people were becoming
disappear
the police officers find some
photographs of julia also
they come to know that magician beats
julia and physically abuses her
that lady tells anna that if you have
seen that girl julia then she will
surely see the magician
because they are the slave of the tiger
you shouldn't take that girl home
that lady tells anna that she can also
possess you
and maybe you will lose your eyesight
because this is its first symptom
anna was already not seeing it properly
the lady asks her to move from there
anna's daughter was alone at home so she
immediately moves to her home
at home her daughter was listening to
her mother's voice means anna's voice
from the mirror side
that come here and don't scare in fact
he was a magician who is in the mirror
he was calling anna's daughter near him
because she wants to hunt her
anna's daughter was scared and locks
herself into a cupboard
julia says to her that don't scare i am
with you
she also sits with her in the cupboard
after reaching home
anna starts searching for her daughter
but she couldn't find her anywhere
when she opens the cupboard she sees her
daughter
she also sees julia there she thinks
that julia was taking care of her
daughter
anna asks julia that daughter can you
tell me that where are my husband and
his mother
with it she gets ready to move outside
and she leaves a card of a police
officer near her daughter
she says that if i will get laid and
couldn't come till morning so contact
him
julia was taking anna to that cave there
were the old stairs in that cave
those were horrible julia asks anna to
go down quietly from these stairs
julia says to her that if you listen to
any voice don't give any reaction
but then while walking anna's foot gets
a twist
and she screams slightly after her voice
the voices surround the whole cave
her daughter and her husband were
calling her towards them
anna hears her daughter's voice from a
corner that mother comes here
here is a horrible man and i am scared
hearing her daughter's painful voice
anna's heart melts
she says to her that daughter i am
coming and then she moves towards that
place
but julia stops her forcefully and asks
her not to go there
then that magician comes here who was
possessed by the tiger
he was about to kill them but they hide
in a part of that cave
while going to that place anna's foot
gets stuck somewhere
that magician tries to come near her but
somehow anna gets her foot free
and runs from there then he takes out
anna's husband's voice and says her to
come to me
now anna and julia were in the room
where there were a lot of mirrors
a hand comes out from the mirror which
was on the floor and it puts it on
anna's hand
to hold her but anna runs from there
while getting release her hand
there were voices coming from every
mirror anna puts her hand on her ears
because she was irritating
because she was remembering her dead son
anna was standing with a mirror
from which that magician tries to pull
her inside
means inside that mirror but then anna's
husband arrives there and while saving
anna he breaks that mirror
here we see that anna's husband becomes
blind
he says to anna to leave that place anna
was coming out of that cave
meanwhile she receives the call of that
police officer
she was trying to tell him everything
but call disconnects
and she again falls down now anna and
her husband try together to move out of
the cave
but that magician who is now changed
into a creature and he was having white
hair on his face
he tries to drag her husband but anna
herself pulls her husband upside
now anna and her husband were moving
outside but they hear julius voice from
behind
she says that mother you were saying
that you will never leave me
now why are you leaving please don't go
but anna can't trust julia now here anna
also has lost her light of eyes means
anna and her husband both were blind
they both while holding each other's
hand try to move upside
but those stairs were too much they were
not ending
then she hears the voice of her dead son
he says that mother doesn't go again
leaving me
hearing it anna's heart starts melting
but her husband says to her that you
know that he is dead
and he is not here anna again climbing
up with her husband
but this time her son says sadly mother
don't go
and here she lost her patience she
leaves her husband's hand and says that
i will soon bring
my son back upside sorry going
downstairs anna meets julia
she hugs her and then they move inside
the cave somewhere
on the other side we see anna's husband
who was successful to come out of the
cave
but anna was still missing now that cave
was sealed
with it this movie ends it was said that
it was the tiger who attract the people
in the voice of their dead relatives
and then makes them its prey it was the
reason that whoever comes near the cave
disappears
thank you for watching like and comment